[music]
secrets of female charm confidence in
to myself
health flexible grace pole dance studio
this is the world of women and dance studio
individually borrow their premium class
our studio offers a cozy atmosphere
in which the most become possible
hidden female dreams
each girl an individual approach
this is why our student develops
flexibility and femininity in enough
fast regardless of level of training
[music]
here a warm circle experienced
teachers willingly share knowledge because
your progress
it is our success during the class each
learn to control your body develops
artistic talent and opens in itself
sensuously plastic
the aura of romance is firmly in life
creativity penetrates every cell
bodies
on individuality you vkursah we can
answer problematic requests for equipment
safe and fast stretches of
copyright methods hospital stool and
private acting room and
playing up costumes
staging artistic or
erotic performances and wedding
dance on the first we create together
present to you your chosen one
it could be a live performance
photo shoot video
occupation in studio 1366
these are premium teachers
individual approach
dance and psychological training
highest quality long best
results
here is femininity in every movement
[music]